docs: Update module lifecycle and issue triage guidance for orphaned and deprecated modules (#2224)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/help-support/issue-triage/avm-issue-triage.md

**Language agnostic steps**

1. Submit a "deprecated module" issue by using the "[Deprecate AVM Module 🔴](https://aka.ms/avm/DeprecatedModule)" issue template.
2. Make sure the &nbsp;<mark style="background-image:none;white-space: nowrap;background-color:#FBCA04;">Needs: Triage 🔍</mark>&nbsp; and the &nbsp;<mark style="background-image:none;white-space: nowrap;background-color:#000000;color:white;">Status: Module Deprecated 🔴</mark>&nbsp; labels are assigned to the issue and it is assigned to the "[AVM - Module Triage](https://github.com/orgs/Azure/projects/529)" GitHub project.
3. Update the AVM Module Indexes, following the [process documented internally](https://dev.azure.com/CSUSolEng/Azure%20Verified%20Modules/_wiki/wikis/AVM%20Internal%20Wiki/684/Module-index-update-process).

**Bicep specific steps**

4. Place an information notice as per the below guidelines:
    1. Place the information notice - with the text below - in an `DEPRECATED.md` file, in the module's root.

>     2. Run the [`utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1) utility with the module path as an input. This re-generates the module’s `README.md` file, so that the `README.md` file will also contain the same notice in its header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Add a 'DEPRECATED - ' prefix to the `main.bicep`'s metadata description. (for example, "metadata description = 'DEPRECATED - This module deploys a 5-star module'". This description will be displayed to users of the VS-Code Bicep extension when searching for the module.
    1. Run the [`utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1) utility with the module path as an input. This re-generates the module’s `README.md` file, so that the `README.md` file will also contain the same notice in its header.
```

Sidenote: I'd always recommend to use `1.` for numbering and have markdown do the actual counting. There's no need to do it yourself unless you try to handle some special case where the default counting does not work.

Example:
```md
1. Point 1
1. Point 2
1. Point 3
```
automatically results in
1. Point 1
1. Point 2
1. Point 3

Author: Thanks, I'm aware of this trick. The reason I didn't just use 1's is that for the top level, I'm continuing the numbering scheme across sub-chapters, and that would throw off the automated numbering. I could've applied 1's to the lower level which I just did. :)

    3. Make sure the content of the `DEPRECATED.md` file is displayed in the `README.md` in its header (right after the title).

>     4. Publish a new patch version, having the updated `README.md` stating the module is deprecated.

Author: Ah, right, that's because the script only updated the readme but not the module's file itself. Could you please submit a line level recommendation on how you'd phrase the ask? Thanks!

>     4. Publish a new patch version, having the updated `README.md` stating the module is deprecated.

Reviewer: Done, see below and let me know what you think @matebarabas

>     4. Publish a new patch version, having the updated `README.md` stating the module is deprecated.

Author: Thanks for the suggested text, I've slightly updated it.

5. Once the information notice is placed, submit a Pull Request (the first one of the 2 required).
6. Once the first PR is merged,
    1. Remove the module workflow from the [`workflows`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/tree/main/.github/workflows) folder.
    2. Make sure the module is removed from the [`avm_module_issue.yml`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/avm_module_issue.yml) issue template.
    3. Remove the module from the [`CODEOWNERS`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) file.
    4. Submit a Pull Request (the second and final one of the 2 required)

> 7. Keep the module's `-owners-` and `-contributors-` GitHub teams, as these will keep granting access to the source code of the module.

Author: Good point, I put this here with mainly TF in mind and then it was kept. I've updated it now as per your recommendation.

2. Make sure the &nbsp;<mark style="background-image:none;white-space: nowrap;background-color:#FBCA04;">Needs: Triage 🔍</mark>&nbsp; and the &nbsp;<mark style="background-image:none;white-space: nowrap;background-color:#000000;color:white;">Status: Module Deprecated 🔴</mark>&nbsp; labels are assigned to the issue and it is assigned to the "[AVM - Module Triage](https://github.com/orgs/Azure/projects/529)" GitHub project.
3. Update the AVM Module Indexes, following the [process documented internally](https://dev.azure.com/CSUSolEng/Azure%20Verified%20Modules/_wiki/wikis/AVM%20Internal%20Wiki/684/Module-index-update-process).

**Bicep specific steps**

4. Place an information notice as per the below guidelines:
    1. Place the information notice - with the text below - in an `DEPRECATED.md` file, in the module's root.
    1. Add a 'DEPRECATED - ' prefix to the `main.bicep`'s metadata description. For example, `metadata description = 'DEPRECATED - This module deploys a XYZ'` - i.e, add the 'DEPRECATED' prefix while keeping your original description. This description will be displayed to users of the VS-Code Bicep extension when searching for the module.

>     1. Run the [`utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1) utility with the module path as an input. This re-generates the module’s `README.md` file, so that the `README.md` file will also contain the same notice in its header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Run the [`utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1`](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/utilities/tools/Set-AVMModule.ps1) utility with the module path as an input. This re-generates the module’s `README.md` file, so that the `README.md` file will also contain the same notice in its header. For more instructions on how to use the script, please refer to the corresponding section in the[Contribution Guide](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/contributing/bicep/bicep-contribution-flow/generate-bicep-module-files/)).
```
